Welcome back in this lecture we're going to take a quick moment to discuss each time I'll divs and spans
divs stands for divisions later on when we're talking about C Ss and bootstrap for in order to add styling
to our sites.
We're sometimes going to only want to apply the style to a certain section or division of the website
divs and spans tags allow us to segment portions of our age T.M..
That way we can later on apply styles only to those specific portions.
So right now you're not really going to see an effect when we only perform of h t m l but later when
we actually add in a CSSA class call or another style call from Bootstrap then you'll be able to understand
why we would need div and span's.
So this is just a very quick moment to introduce the actual syntax that spans.
Later on we'll actually see their use case.
Let's get started by hopping over to the text editor.
All right.
I'm back here.
My basic thought each team M-file and what it will do is show you how you can build a div and also insert
a span tag.
So for a div or division what we do is we type out div and if hit enter it will automatically create
the closing tag and notice it also automatically creates this class call.
Now we don't actually know about classes yet because we haven't discussed CSSA but later on we'll we're
going to do is we're going to import a special string here that connects to the SS call and that will
add styling to everything in between these two div tags.
So in between these two div tags you can add in whatever you want such as a header heading and then
maybe even a paragraph some stuff.
And if you save this and refresh your page you'll just see heading in some stuff.
In fact it will look the same as if you didn't even have a div there.
So if I delete those and refresh I won't see any changes.
But keep in mind once we actually add in this class string and connect it to a CSSA file then we will
see changes only performed on things within this division.
So that's a nice way of basically dividing up everything inside your body for your T.M. because later
on we'll see a very large H.T. mail files.
It'll be nice to organize them as well as apply styles by divisions.
The last thing I want to know is sometimes you want to apply styling to only a certain thing inside
of an already existing tag.
For example I can have a paragraph tag and let's say there's some stuff in it.
So here is some text woohoo.
Let's imagine that I wanted to apply a style call to only some text.
What I could do is instead of having to deal of this div tag which is meant for larger divisions I'm
already within a paragraph tag what I'm going to do is type outspan and hit enter and this span.
Basically what you put is the text you want to manipulate.
So I have some text within the span and then later on we can do is add a class call to span.
So in the future we'll see something like this with some sort of string in here with my class.
Right now since we haven't discussed CSSA yet I just want you to be aware of that when you want to add
a style to something else or do it then tags.
You'll be using span.
Now again if I save this and refresh I won't see any real differences between having spent in there
or taking those spand tags out.
So if I save that and refresh you won't notice any difference.
Again will only be using this once we actually learn about C Ss.
OK so that was just a brief moment to talk about these tags.
That way when you see him in the CSSA lectures they're not totally unfamiliar to you.
Thanks and we'll see you at the next one.